Credit goes to Michael for documentation on DW5E unit data and AGamer for the development of the DW5E Modding Editor and Mod Manager.
I ask that if you use the scripts, make mods, and share mods that you give credit. I also ask that you let the modding editor and mod manager modify
the files, if you modify the files created with the modding editor and mod manager outside of the editor or mod manager it may cause errors and problems. So please, let the script
modify and create the files that the script makes.

Guide on modding:

1. Place the DW5EModding.pyw file(DW5EModding.exe file if using the executable) in the same directory as your DW5E iso file.

2. Rename the iso file to DW5E.iso(it is because the script expects that for the filename).

3. Place the Icon files inside the DW5E_Ico_Files folder

4. Before you edit a different character slot or create a mod, click submit values to save your edits.
Guide on enabling mods:

1. To enable a mod, click the mod manager button, enable mod button, and select the mod file that has the .dw5emod extension.

Guide on disabling mods:

1. To disable a mod, click the mod manager button, disable mod button, and select the file that has the .5edata extension(stored in the Backups_For_Mod_Disabling folder).
Extra Information:
The pyw file is the source file, to use it you need Python installed. It can be used on its own or you can use the executable file instead. The executable file is a Python script
converted to an executable but the executable file may give off false virus/trojan warnings since it does not have code signing and is a Python file that doesn't require python installed.
The DW5EModding.exe file is a standalone file, it does not require Python installed.

The Editor and Mod Manager work for all regions of Dynasty Warriors 5 Empires. You don't have to use the US version, the scripts work with all versions of DW5E.
The script may take several seconds to load because it is scanning the entire DW5E iso file for the offset needed for unit data, it will work but takes a few seconds to scan that file since
dynasty warriors 5 empires is more than 3 gigabytes in size.

Mods created with the Editor can be shared and used by others(that means you can release the mod files), it requires them to have the Python script or executable file to enable and disable the mods.